# 11:494

This was the result of a self-cross followed by mutation, with 10:41 being both parents. The distance was 43, so apparently some significant duplication or snipping happened here.

We should definitely look at the simplified program, and see how this change played out in the execution.

## Diffing the genomes

Most of the genomes are identical, which isn't surprising. There is, however, one simple mutation towards the end, and a somewhat complex replication near the front.

The mutation is easy: `char_isletter` was changed to `boolean_yank` on line 122 of 11:494 (line 101 on 10:41).

The replication seems to involve a combination of alternation shift and mutation, resulting in an inserted block of "new" code from lines 4-24 in 11:494. The first instruction (`exec_s`) appears to be the result of a mutation, as there aren't any `exec_s` instructions in that part of the parent's genome. 

In fact, it looks like lines 4-21 of the child (11:494) are (with two exceptions) exact copies of lines 4-21 of the parent, _and_ lines 25-42 of the child are _also_ an exact copy of lines 4-21 of the parent. The two exceptions in the first copy are presumably due to mutations: `char_yank` (line 4 of parent) mutates to `exec_s` (line 4 of child), and `boolean_or` (line 17 of parent) mutates to `exec_yankdup` (line 17 of the child). Lines 22-24 of the child are lines 1-3 of the parent.

Thus I _think_ the construction is:

* Copy lines 1-21 from parent to child, mutating lines 4 and 17 as mentioned above.
* Alternate, jumping all the way back to line 4.
* Copy everything from line 4 to the end over without change, except for the mutation of line 122 (of the child).

The big copy at the end _could_ involve 1 or more alternations, but they would have to have no shifting in them.

Note also that the two mutations in the first block both replace instructions that don't have an implicit open with instructions that _do_ have implicit opens, which then changes how both the open and close parens play out in the programs below.

## Diffing the programs

As we might expect, most of the differences are in the start of the program. The first three instructions are the same, and after that `char_yank` is replaced with `exec_s (`. After that there's a big block of new code (lines 3-16) in the child that comes from the duplication in the genome.

The late mutation shows up on line 49 (of the child) where `boolean_yank` in the parent is replaced by `char_isletter` in the child.

## Diffing the error vectors

The changes documented above have no impact on the even numbered test cases, where both the parent and child are decent (mostly single digits, and a reasonable smattering of zeros).

These changes did, however, have a substantial impact on the odd numbered cases, converting ten 1's to 0's (odd test cases 3-5, 9-11, 15, 23, 27, 33, 37, and 63) and not changing anything else. This leads to the child being perfect on all but six of the odd test cases, with the incorrect ones being biased towards the early cases (1, 7, 13, 25, 35, and 171).
