# 12:698

This was the result of a alternation (without mutation) with 11:272 and an individual that we filtered out of the graph. 

It looks like it contributed the last 29 genes to the genome, so we might want to look at it, especially if any of those instructions end up in the simplified program. The fact that the error vectors are almost identical, though, makes it less obvious that those genes matter. It's possible, however, that even if they don't do much here, they might get "activated" later and become important. Evolution is complicated. :smile:

## Diffing genomes

These two genomes were identical for _much_ of the initial sections, matching exactly on lines 1-121. Line 122 changes from `string_replacefirst` to `exec_dup`. Then lines 123-130 are again the same. The last few lines (131-149 of 12:698) are totally new, and presumably come from the filtered parent. That's a big enough chunk that it would probably be worth looking at the other parent.

## Diffing the programs

Not surprisingly, most of these programs are again the same, with lines 1-35 matching exactly.

On line 36 the sequence `string_replacefirst exec_shove` got replaced with `exec_dup (exec_shove`. That new open paren then got matched by a close paren on line 40. Lines 41-45 (the end) of 12:698 are all new, and presumably came from the filtered parent. If they appear to play a role in the simplified program, then it might be worth examining that individual.

## Diffing the error vectors

The changes mentioned above had almost _no_ effect on the semantics, with only one error value changing: Test case 1 went from an error of 2 to an error of 0, and everything else is identical.

That suggests that we may not care a _ton_ about that other parent.
