# 17:189

This was the result of altenation followed by a round of mutation with 16:106 and a parent that was filtered out. The distance to 16:106 was 21, so it's possible that the filtered parent did contribution something meaningful. It turns out, though, that the actual difference was simple a snipping out of a substantial block of code and one point mutation, so the other parent really didn't matter.

# Diffing the genomes

The genome changes here are really straightforward. 17:189 is a direct copy of 16:106 except for a deletion and a mutation.

Alternation snipped out a substantial block of code, removing lines 37-46 from 16:106.

The only other change is a single gene change, where `integer_yank` (line 107 of 16:106) was replaced with `string_dup` (line 97 of 17:189). This was probably the result of a mutation, but could possible be the result of an alternation.

## Diffing the programs

As we'd expect, there's a substantial excision with much of lines 12-20 in the parent (16:106) being removed. There is also the expected mutation of `integer_yank` to `string_dup` on line 31.

## Diffing the error vectors

Both the parent and child are perfect on all the even test cases.

There are quite a few differences on the odd test cases most, but not all, for the better.

* Getting worse from 1 to 2: 7, 13, 25, 35, 171
* Getting better from 1-8 to 0: 17-21, 29-31, 39-49, 53-115, 121, 125-127, 131-147, 153, 157-169, 173-187, 191-199

After this change it is very nearly perfect, with the only errors (for either even or odd) being off by 2 for test cases 7, 13, 25, 35, and 171. This is substantially better than its parent, suggesting that it would definitely be worth looking at the simplified program to see how this works.
