## 7:291 Analysis

Child made through `alternation-uniform-mutation`. Parents are 6:293 and 6:774.

### Genome Diff Analysis
The child took bits and pieces from both parents. Around lines 34-86, the child took many pieces from parent 6:293 that were not in parent 6:774. Lines 113-143 of parent 6:774 were completely taken out for the child's genome. The only bits that the child took of parent 6:774 were lines 7-8, 13, and 134-153, while the other majority of lines were either in both parents originally or were taken from parent 6:293's file.

### Program Diff Analysis
A similar pattern as the genome changes occurred in the programs. Lines 5-6 of the child were taken from 6:774. Approximate lines 11-35 of the child were taken from 6:293. Lines were mixed up a little bit more around lines 45-end, but the majority of lines cotinued to be taken from 6:293. All of these correlate with the fact that the graph has the difference between child and 6:293 is a 61 and the difference between child and 6:774 is 112.

### Error Vector Diff Analysis
The first few test cases, the even numbers (which means the odd test cases) from lines 2-50, have pretty much similar results from parent 6:293 to child. Only two test cases, lines 74 and 154 have the same results from parent 6:774 and child. All of the other test cases were completely different results from both parents to the child.

### Error Vector Even/Odd Diff Analysis
Only odd test cases changed. Like explained above, approximately 25 test cases from child came from parent 6:293, and only two test cases came from parent 6:774. The rest of the odd tests completely changed.

